good light and if maybe my xix that exists I sat down
I feel good
in the place of the events waiting to make the first contact with others
extraterrestrial friends
a few days ago we were surprised to see images of a common sighting
lets go see it
Andean it's one thing to have a halo
it seems that one min
deep ares of each other
according to another contact
the expert doctor
other extraterrestrial friends are going to get to this place
it's super good
according to iu
they will reach this place
the two are already two
we're going to wait
jr
the spaceship is lending
the passengers on the road
in adulthood
colo colo
the name of all mankind
I want to welcome you to this planet
but from space
of it is
yes, lippi
yes in as much expressed
what do they say
willing scientific knowledge
they tell me that
I have not the slightest and a half
percent vii min by and the air tries to communicate with us
min
thank goodness that the morning well the alternation in the ship
where are we going
I do not know, I think you want to eat well